added support for time field (#34094)
demisto/content: Packs/Elasticsearch/ReleaseNotes/1_3_22.md

#### Integrations

##### Elasticsearch v2

> - Added support for using dot notation value for time field parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for providing a dot-notated value for the *Index time field* parameter.
```

#### Integrations

##### Elasticsearch v2

> - %%UPDATE_RN%%

Reviewer: obvious, but need to put here something
